# MicroPs Final Project Portfolio
Ava Fascetti and Joe Zales's final project portfolio. The website generated by this repo can be found [here](https://joseph-q-zales.github.io/HMC-MicroPs-Final-Portfolio/).

Additionally, included in this repository is code to program an STM32 microcontroller and an ICE40 UltraScale Plus FPGA.

## Abstract:
We have a vision of an RFID doorbell. Tap your RFID card to the reader at the entryway to a house and the doorbell will announce your unique set of tones to the resident. Perhaps the resident uses this information to welcome you to their home. Perhaps they use this information to turn off all the lights and pretend they’re not home. Regardless of how an end user would take this functionality, having a bit more knowledge of who is at your front door could prove beneficial in this increasingly interconnected world.

To realize this vision, we designed a system to demonstrate this functionality. A PN532 RFID Reader is the peripheral in an I2C communication link with a STM32 Microcontroller. This RFID Reader is programmed by the MCU to “listen” for ID taps, and when an ID is tapped to the board, transmit the data back to the MCU. The MCU then bit swizzles the ID data and algorithmically calculates 5 bytes of data that is unique to the ID data collected. The MCU acts as the controller in a SPI communication link with the UPduino v3.1 FPGA to send these 5 bytes. The FPGA is used as a PWM driver to then create an audio signal from these 5 bytes, which outputs to a speaker system. Because the ID data collected by the RFID Reader will always be the same for the same card and an algorithm is used to generate specific frequencies and note lengths, an ID card will always produce the same doorbell tune. Additionally, every new ID tapped produces its own doorbell tune.

**Everyone gets their own unique doorbell tune!**
